\b;Objective
Your objective is to find three special robots and load them onto your spaceship. These are practice bots, but fitted for encrypted data storage. We believe that at least one of them may contain valuable data left by previous expeditions. There were several expeditions in the area, noone of which succeded in their objectives, and they all had to evacuate, leaving little infrastructure behind. They also failed to retrieve the information they gathered during their stay. The pieces of leftover encrypted data may still be present in these three special robots, from which we have received a distress signal. We need to learn more about the planet before we take any further steps. However due to security measures the data cannot be retrieved remotely, and you need to embark all three robots on your spaceship. Then we can connect manually to your systems to retrieve the data. The harsh conditions on the planet hinder connection, so you need to take off and we will decrypt the data on the orbit where the transmission is stable.

The planet:
Amber is a desert planet, scattered with ponds of boiling oil. The pressure is same as on earth, atmosphere is dense and consists mainly of nitrogen, carbon dioxide and oxygen in right proportions for humans to be able to breathe, yet the planet is engulfed in eternal vision-hindering sandstorm, so you'd better keep your helmet on.

Other notes:
The uranium ore deposits are all over the planet, and even at your landing spot. You'll have to search somewhere, preferably further south for titanium ore deposits though. We don't know where exactly, but that should not be a problem, as you start with lots of titanium! You probably will want to replace your robots' batteries first. Jet engines don't work well in this planet atmosphere, you'll probably want to rely on robots with tracks or wheels more.The presence of infrastructure in the area is hardly noticeable. You may encounter ruins, wrecks, but maybe also some working buildings or bots. Previous expeditions learned that the sandstorm is so dense, that radar stations fail to operate properly. Radars in robots still work just fine. The whole planet is rich in uranium, on the other hand the regular power cells are hard to recharge as there are few spots with power. (Only one in your area is confirmed by previous expeditions, and it is far from your landing spot). We're not sure what dangers await you on the surface, members of previous expeditions (those that managed to evacuate) probably suffered some mental trauma. They claim to have witnessed things disappearing in the sand, robots wandering off in the sandstorm, weird aliens in the sky, and more. Maybe it's just the aura of this planet. This concludes that when you find the robots they may be damaged and lack power supply. Protect them and escort them, as when even one of them gets destroyed the mission is failed.

Stay safe and good luck!

\t;See also
\l;Controls\u command;.
